Title : Stack Overflow - Where Developers Learn, Share, & Build Careers
div : Home
li : Public
span : Questions
div : Tags
div : Users
div : Companies
div : Collectives
span : Explore Collectives
div : Teams
strong : Stack Overflow for Teams
div : Stack Overflow for Teams         – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge.                   Create a free Team Why Teams?
a : Create a free Team
a : Why Teams?
div : Teams
div : Create free Team
h5 : Collectives™ on Stack Overflow
p : Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most.
a : Learn more about Collectives
strong : Teams
p : Q&A for work
p : Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search.
a : Learn more about Teams
span : Stack Overflow
a : About
a : Products
a : For Teams
span : Stack Overflow
span : Public questions & answers
span : Stack Overflow for Teams
span : Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers
span : Talent
span : Build your employer brand
span : Advertising
span : Reach developers & technologists worldwide
a : About the company
input : text : q
div : Loading…
a : current community
span : Stack Overflow
a : help
a : chat
span : Meta Stack Overflow
h3 : your communities
a : Sign up
div : Sign up or log in to customize your list.
a : log in
a : more stack exchange communities
a : company blog
a : Log in
a : Sign up
div : The 2023 Developer Survey results are live!
a : 2023 Developer Survey results
h2 : Find the best answer to your technical question, help others answer theirs
a : Join the community
p : or search content
a : search content
h2 : Want a secure, private space for your technical knowledge?
a : Discover Teams
h1 : Every developer data scientist system admin mobile developer game developer has a tab open to Stack Overflow
span : developer
span : data scientist
span : system admin
span : mobile developer
span : game developer
div : 100+ million
div : monthly visitors to Stack Overflow & Stack Exchange
div : 45.1+ billion
div : Times a developer got help since 2008
div : 191% ROI
div : from companies using Stack Overflow for Teams
div : 5,000+
div : Stack Overflow for Teams instances active every day
h2 : A public platform building the definitive collection of coding questions & answers
p : A community-based space to find and contribute answers to technical challenges, and one of the most popular websites in the world.
a : Join the community
p : or search content
a : search content
h2 : A private collaboration & knowledge sharing SaaS platform for companies
p : A web-based platform to increase productivity, decrease cycle times, accelerate time to market, and protect institutional knowledge.
span : Get started
a : For large organizations
a : For small teams
p : Thousands of organizations around the globe use Stack Overflow for Teams
p : Capture your company’s knowledge and context in a discoverable format to unblock your team
span : unblock your team
a : Take a tour of Teams
h3 : Increase productivity
p : If somebody somewhere has the right answer, suddenly you have it too. Collaborate better in a remote-first world.
h3 : Accelerate time to market
p : Shorten the time between initial idea and complete product. Take delays and misinformation out of the equation.
h3 : Protect institutional knowledge
p : People come and people go, but if you capture their contributions in one central place, that expertise sticks around.
h2 : Ensure your company stays on course
p : Here are just a few types of technologists that we help.
h3 : DevOps engineers
p : Shipping new products and features requires teamwork and coordination. Forget checklists and long docs no one ever reads.
h3 : Data scientists
p : Business decisions are better when backed by data. Give visibility to the data that support your strategies.
h3 : Software engineers
p : Help engineers be more efficient and streamline knowledge sharing using a tool they already love and trust.
h3 : Support teams
p : Level up your support by providing information to your customers using a natural interface: questions and answers.
h3 : Engineering leaders
p : Help your team get the information they need to do their job - reduce burnout and help engineers grow and learn together.
label : Annual billing discount
input : checkbox : billing-period
h2 : Free
div : Free
div : No credit card required
div : ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams
div : Your own private space hosted on stackoverflowteams.com
div : Structured and searchable knowledge base
a : Create a free Team
p : Always free up to 50 teammates
h2 : Basic
span : $6.50 USD
span : $7.70 USD
div : per teammate / month
div : Single sign-on (SSO) with SAML + Okta integration
a : Get started
p : Up to 250 teammates
div : Recommended
h2 : Business
span : $13.50 USD
span : $15.40 USD
div : All the features of Basic plus…
div : Long-form knowledge with Articles
div : Additional integrations — ChatOps, Jira, GitHub & Okta
div : Group content together into Collections
div : Usage and adoption metrics
div : Priority customer support
div : Content Health tools
a : Get started
p : Unlimited teammates
h2 : Enterprise
div : Custom pricing
div : Let’s talk about what you need
div : Premium features of Business plus…
div : Unlimited Teams within your instance
div : Flexible hosting options — cloud or on-premises
div : Robust read and write API
div : Your own customer success and community building representative
div : 99.5% uptime SLA and priority support
a : Request a demo
span : A Forrester Consulting study shows
strong : 191% return on investment
span : with Stack Overflow for Teams.
span : The world’s largest telecom firm
span : saved $10M
span : in deflected support cases with our centralized knowledge base.
span : Subject-matter experts at software platform Unqork had
span : 27% more time
span : to work on projects after using Teams.
span : You can save time and money with Stack Overflow for Teams.
span : Calculate your ROI
div : Microsoft Teams
h2 : Integrates with and improves other tools
p : All plans come with integrations for ChatOps tools Slack & Microsoft Teams in order to cut down on pings, limit distractions and make the tools even more powerful. Business and Enterprise customers get access to Jira, GitHub & Okta integrations.
a : Slack
a : Microsoft Teams
div : Slack
div : Microsoft Teams
div : GitHub
div : Jira
div : Okta
div : Slack
div : Some of the premium features available with paid tiers
div : Robust read and write API
div : Single sign-on with AD or SAML
div : Your own customer success representative
div : 99.5% uptime SLA and priority support
p : Stack Overflow for Teams has been a resource for our entire company. Not only for developers to solve problems, it’s also enabled our sales field to answer technical questions that help them close deals.
strong : Director of Product Management
div : Director of Product Management             Microsoft
p : Engineers should help solve the hardest questions, the unknowns, where being familiar with how the product was built is essential. But we don’t want to keep answering solved problems over and over again. That’s where Stack Overflow for Teams really helps.
strong : Director of Engineering
div : Director of Engineering             Elastic Cloud
p : As we started to use [Stack Overflow for Teams] and saw how nice it was to have a repository of information, we started to see it spread to other teams. Our customer support team started using it, our people success team started using it, next thing we knew, we had [Slack] integrations all over the place.
strong : Engineering
div : Engineering             Expensify
p : What we love about Stack Overflow for Teams is that it’s a very dynamic tool…there’s just so many ways to use this as a liaison between different teams and different knowledge bases.
strong : Software Engineer
div : Software Engineer             Box
h2 : Additional products that reach and engage developers & technologists…
p : Reach the world’s largest audience of developers and technologists
p : Connecting communities with the specific technologies they use the most
p : Build your employer brand
a : About the company
a : Want to work here? Current job openings
span : Current job openings
div : Ask Different
div : Unix & Linux
div : Artificial Intelligence
div : Software Engineering
div : Ask Ubuntu
div : Salesforce
h2 : Explore technical topics and other disciplines across 170+ Q&A communities
p : From Server Fault to Super User, much of the Stack Exchange network continues our mission to empower the world to develop technology through collective knowledge. Other sites on the Stack Exchange network further encourage knowledge sharing across topics such as cooking and medicine.
a : Server Fault
a : Super User
a : Explore the network
div : Server Fault
div : Super User
div : Database Administrators
div : Quantum Computing
div : Game Development
div : Network Engineering
p : Build a private community to share technical or non-technical knowledge.
strong : private community
a : Create a free Team
a : Stack Overflow
a : Questions
a : Help
a : Products
a : Teams
a : Advertising
a : Collectives
a : Talent
a : Company
a : About
a : Press
a : Work Here
a : Legal
a : Privacy Policy
a : Terms of Service
a : Contact Us
a : Cookie Settings
a : Cookie Policy
a : Stack Exchange Network
a : Technology
a : Culture & recreation
a : Life & arts
a : Science
a : Professional
a : Business
a : API
a : Data
a : Blog
a : Facebook
a : Twitter
a : LinkedIn
a : Instagram
p : Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA.                    rev 2023.6.15.43499
a : CC BY-SA
span : rev 2023.6.15.43499
body : Home                       Public    Questions                           Tags                                             Users                                             Companies                       Collectives           Explore Collectives      Teams  Stack Overflow for Teams         – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge.                   Create a free Team Why Teams?    Teams                                     Create free Team                            Collectives™ on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most.                      Learn more about Collectives                       Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search.                      Learn more about Teams                          Stack Overflow    About    						Products 					   For Teams        Stack Overflow Public questions & answers     Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers     Talent  								Build your employer brand 							     Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide    About the company            Loading…               current community                             Stack Overflow             help chat                      Meta Stack Overflow                your communities                Sign up or log in to customize your list.                   more stack exchange communities  company blog         Log in  Sign up                         The 2023 Developer Survey results are live!                             Find the best answer to your technical question, help others answer theirs Join the community or search content      Want a secure, private space for your technical knowledge? Discover Teams                 Every developer data scientist system admin mobile developer game developer has a tab open to Stack Overflow             100+ million monthly visitors to Stack Overflow & Stack Exchange   45.1+ billion Times a developer got help since 2008   191% ROI from companies using Stack Overflow for Teams   5,000+ Stack Overflow for Teams instances active every day                                        A public platform building the definitive collection of coding questions & answers                  A community-based space to find and contribute answers to technical challenges, and one of the most popular websites in the world. Join the community or search content                           A private collaboration & knowledge sharing SaaS platform for companies                  A web-based platform to increase productivity, decrease cycle times, accelerate time to market, and protect institutional knowledge.                            Get started                         For large organizations  For small teams        Thousands of organizations around the globe use Stack Overflow for Teams                                                          Capture your company’s knowledge and context in a discoverable format to unblock your team Take a tour of Teams    Increase productivity If somebody somewhere has the right answer, suddenly you have it too. Collaborate better in a remote-first world.    Accelerate time to market Shorten the time between initial idea and complete product. Take delays and misinformation out of the equation.    Protect institutional knowledge People come and people go, but if you capture their contributions in one central place, that expertise sticks around.   Ensure your company stays on course Here are just a few types of technologists that we help.      DevOps engineers Shipping new products and features requires teamwork and coordination. Forget checklists and long docs no one ever reads.    Data scientists Business decisions are better when backed by data. Give visibility to the data that support your strategies.    Software engineers Help engineers be more efficient and streamline knowledge sharing using a tool they already love and trust.    Support teams Level up your support by providing information to your customers using a natural interface: questions and answers.    Engineering leaders Help your team get the information they need to do their job - reduce burnout and help engineers grow and learn together.       Annual billing discount                              Free                                            Free                      No credit card required    ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams    Your own private space hosted on stackoverflowteams.com    Structured and searchable knowledge base                    Create a free Team               Always free up to 50 teammates                          Basic                    $6.50 USD $7.70 USD  per teammate / month    Single sign-on (SSO) with SAML + Okta integration    ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams    Your own private space hosted on stackoverflowteams.com    Structured and searchable knowledge base                    Get started               Up to 250 teammates                      Recommended                                    Business                    $13.50 USD $15.40 USD  per teammate / month    All the features of Basic plus…    Long-form knowledge with Articles    Additional integrations — ChatOps, Jira, GitHub & Okta    Group content together into Collections    Usage and adoption metrics    Priority customer support    Content Health tools                    Get started               Unlimited teammates                          Enterprise                                            Custom pricing                      Let’s talk about what you need    Premium features of Business plus…    Unlimited Teams within your instance    Flexible hosting options — cloud or on-premises    Robust read and write API    Your own customer success and community building representative    99.5% uptime SLA and priority support                    Request a demo               Unlimited teammates         A Forrester Consulting study shows 191% return on investment with Stack Overflow for Teams.    The world’s largest telecom firm saved $10M in deflected support cases with our centralized knowledge base.     Subject-matter experts at software platform Unqork had 27% more time to work on projects after using Teams.     You can save time and money with Stack Overflow for Teams. Calculate your ROI                                     Microsoft Teams                         Integrates with and improves other tools All plans come with integrations for ChatOps tools Slack & Microsoft Teams in order to cut down on pings, limit distractions and make the tools even more powerful. Business and Enterprise customers get access to Jira, GitHub & Okta integrations.    Slack   Microsoft Teams   GitHub   Jira   Okta                               Slack                                          Some of the premium features available with paid tiers                                Robust read and write API                          Single sign-on with AD or SAML                          Your own customer success representative                          99.5% uptime SLA and priority support               Stack Overflow for Teams has been a resource for our entire company. Not only for developers to solve problems, it’s also enabled our sales field to answer technical questions that help them close deals.  Director of Product Management             Microsoft             Engineers should help solve the hardest questions, the unknowns, where being familiar with how the product was built is essential. But we don’t want to keep answering solved problems over and over again. That’s where Stack Overflow for Teams really helps.  Director of Engineering             Elastic Cloud             As we started to use [Stack Overflow for Teams] and saw how nice it was to have a repository of information, we started to see it spread to other teams. Our customer support team started using it, our people success team started using it, next thing we knew, we had [Slack] integrations all over the place.  Engineering             Expensify             What we love about Stack Overflow for Teams is that it’s a very dynamic tool…there’s just so many ways to use this as a liaison between different teams and different knowledge bases.  Software Engineer             Box              Additional products that reach and engage developers & technologists…    Reach the world’s largest audience of developers and technologists    Connecting communities with the specific technologies they use the most                     Build your employer brand                About the company Want to work here? Current job openings        Ask Different   Unix & Linux   Artificial Intelligence   Software Engineering   Ask Ubuntu   Salesforce      Explore technical topics and other disciplines across 170+ Q&A communities From Server Fault to Super User, much of the Stack Exchange network continues our mission to empower the world to develop technology through collective knowledge. Other sites on the Stack Exchange network further encourage knowledge sharing across topics such as cooking and medicine. Explore the network      Server Fault   Super User   Database Administrators   Quantum Computing   Game Development   Network Engineering        Build a private community to share technical or non-technical knowledge. Create a free Team                 Stack Overflow  Questions Help    Products  Teams Advertising Collectives Talent    Company  About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy     Stack Exchange Network                                        Technology                                                                         Culture & recreation                                                                         Life & arts                                                                         Science                                                                         Professional                                                                         Business                                                                         API                                                                         Data                                         Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram   Site design / logo © 2023 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA.                    rev 2023.6.15.43499                                       Your privacy                                               By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy.                                                    Accept all cookies                                                       Necessary cookies only                                                         Customize settings
p : Your privacy
p : By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
a : Cookie Policy
button : Accept all cookies
button : Necessary cookies only
button : Customize settings