Formulate an email template[SEP]Title : Template Builder- Step 1
input : checkbox : No Name
span : Formerly
span : Home
span : Contacts
span : Campaigns
span : Email
span : SMS
span : WhatsApp
span : Web push
span : Facebook Ads
span : Templates
span : Statistics
span : Settings
span : Automations
span : Transactional
span : Conversations
span : Sales
span : Meetings
span : Please fill out your profile form to complete your sign-up.
a : Go back to the profile form
span : Usage and plan
span : NUST
div : It is recommended to use latest version of Chrome/Firefox Browser for the best viewing experience. Click here to download Chrome Browser.
a : here
span : Setup your template
span : Save & Quit
span : Next Step
span : Setup
span : Design
span : Design to be created!
span : Template Name
--------------------------> input : text : camp_name
span : Give your template an internal name to help organize and locate it easily within your account. For example: 'Purchase Confirmation'.
span : Subject Line
button : Add personalization
input : No Type : subject
span : Write a subject line that clearly describes your email content. It will be visible in your recipient's inbox and is the first content they will see. For example: 'Private sale: 25% off our new collection'.
span : Insert personalization
span : Which attribute would you like to insert?
span : Choose Attribute
input : search : No Name
title : Search
span : Attributes
a : EMAIL
a : LASTNAME
a : FIRSTNAME
a : SMS
span : Which value should be used if the attribute is empty?
input : text : No Name
span : Insert
span : Cancel
span : Preview text
button : Add personalization
input : No Type : preheader
span : Write a short text (about 35 characters) that gives an overview of the content of your email. This will significantly increase your opening rate. This feature is supported by most email clients, like Gmail and Yahoo. The text will be displayed in your recipient's inbox, just below the subject.
span : From Email
option : Select a sender
option : My Company <qmuhammad41@gmail.com>
span : Choose the email address to be shown in your recipients inbox when they receive your campaign or
span : Add a new sender
div : Choose the email address to be shown in your recipients inbox when they receive your campaign or Add a new sender.
span : From Name
input : text : fromfield
span : Enter a name (e.g. your company name) to help campaign recipients recognize you in their inbox.
span : Customize the Reply-To Email address
input : text : replyto
span : Enter the email address where you want to receive replies from your contacts.
span : Customize the 'To' Field
input : text : tofield
span : Keep the default or customize this option to personalize your 'To' field with contact attributes.
input : checkbox : ga_active
span : Activate Google Analytics Tracking
span : Use a custom update profile form
span : Create a new update profile form
span : Add a tag
input : text : No Name
input : text : No Name
span : Add an attachment
input : text : No Name
span : Select a file
input : file : files
span : Show Advanced Options
span : ×
span : Close
h4 : Upgrade your plan
h4 : This feature is available from the Premium plan.
a : Upgrade my plan
p : Easily upgrade, downgrade or cancel your subscription at any time.
h4 : This feature is available from the Business plan.

###

