Access campaign settings[SEP]Title : Brevo
input : checkbox : No Name
span : Formerly
span : Home
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx> span : Contacts
--------------------------> span : Campaigns
span : Automations
span : Transactional
span : Conversations
span : Sales
span : Meetings
span : Usage and plan
span : NUST
h1 : Welcome back Muhammad
h2 : Sendinblue becomes Brevo
div : Over the years, Sendinblue has become more than just an email campaign tool. We’ve added several new marketing channels and new ways to run businesses, like meeting scheduling and a Sales CRM.This evolution was something we wanted to reflect. So we made some changes. We got new colors, a new look, and a new name to reintroduce ourselves.We are now Brevo. And we’re here to help you connect with your contacts and clients. Take a moment and take our guided tour to explore how you can do that with Brevo.
span : Why we became Brevo
span : Take the tour
h3 : Get started with Marketing
span : 1/3
span : Complete your profile form
span : Add your details, and we will customize Brevo for you, so you don’t have to. For example, email footers include your company name, and meeting invites need your name.
span : Add your first contacts
span : Schedule your first campaign
span : Need inspiration? Browse our gallery and pick a template.
h3 : Get started with Transactional Emails
span : 0/2
span : Verify your domain
span : With a verified domain, you can create several senders on the same domain. No need to manually validate each of them. It’s faster and safer.
h3 : Get started with Conversations + Chat
span : 0/4
span : Install a chat widget on your website
span : Chat in real time with people visiting your website and convert them into new customers.
span : Connect your Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp account
span : Stay in Brevo and chat directly with people on WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger or on Instagram with Direct Messages. That’s right, you can do it all from here.
span : Create targeted messages and chatbot scenarios
span : Context is everything. Message visitors to help them out based on what they do on your website and drive up sales.
h2 : Contacts
span : Go to Contacts
span : Add contacts
h2 : 2
p : Total contacts
p : New contacts over the last 30 days
h2 : Recent campaigns
h2 : Launch your first campaign
p : You can boost your business by messaging a wide audience.
span : Create a campaign
h2 : More ways to grow your business
div : Brevo Sales Platform
h2 : Bring out the full potential of your sales team
div : Equip your people to be their best – with better tools and insights to manage leads and customers, automate time-wasting tasks, and win more opportunities.
span : Get started free
div : Brevo Transactional emails
h2 : Follow your transactional email metrics on your homepage
div : How many emails did you sent today? What the delivery rate? How many hard bounces?  Add a dashboard to your homepage to drive your transactional email activity.
span : Show transactional emails on the homepage

###

