Build a custom template for transactional email communications[SEP]Title : 
            Brevo Transactional | Dashboard
        
h3 : Clear backlog
div : Clearing your backlog is a permanent, irreversible action. Are you sure you want to continue?
p : Clearing your backlog is a permanent, irreversible action. Are you sure you want to continue?
a : Close
button : Remove
input : checkbox : No Name
span : Formerly
span : Home
span : Contacts
span : Campaigns
span : Automations
span : Transactional
span : Email
span : Real time
span : Statistics
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx> span : Logs
--------------------------> span : Templates
span : Settings
span : SMS
span : Conversations
span : Sales
span : Meetings
span : Usage and plan
h1 : Configuration
div : Welcome to SMTP You can send your transactional emails and track them to see if they have been successfully delivered, opened, clicked on, etc. Configure your SMTP now and start sending your emails via Brevo SMTP.Find out more
h3 : Welcome to SMTP
p : You can send your transactional emails and track them to see if they have been successfully delivered, opened, clicked on, etc. Configure your SMTP now and start sending your emails via Brevo SMTP.Find out more
a : Find out more
div : 1
span : Done
h4 : Done                             Configuration
p : These are the SMTP and API settings for sending your automated emails via Brevo.
a : SMTP settings
a : API Settings
a : Configuration example with Postfix
a : Configuration example with PHP
label : SMTP server
div : smtp-relay.sendinblue.com
label : Port
div : 587
label : Login
div : qmuhammad41@gmail.com
label : Password
div : XVcFBbWt7GHn3dp8
label : API Key
samp : 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
a : Manage
a : Documentation
p : To configure Postfix, edit the file /etc/postfix/main.cf and add the following code at the end :
p : Save and restart Postfix.
a : Download the library
p : Download the library and host it, then use the following PHP code to send emails using this script :
button : Next
div : 2
h4 : Done                         Verification
p : If you have configured your SMTP correctly and are now sending your emails via Brevo SMTP, you should see some logs:
th : Status
th : Date
th : Subject
th : From
th : To
table : Status Date Subject From To         Waiting for log
i : Waiting for log
div : 3
h4 : Confirmation
a : It works!
div : The transactional platform has not been activated for your account as your SMTP account has not yet been validated. 		Complete my profile
a : Complete my profile

###

