Design a social media ad campaign[SEP]Title : Audience dashboard | Mailchimp
a : ___
a : Skip to main content
span : search
span : Create
span : Campaigns
span : Automations
span : Audience
span : Audience dashboard
span : All contacts
span : Signup forms
span : Tags
span : Segments
span : Surveys
span : Inbox
span : Analytics
span : Website
span : Content
span : Integrations
span : Upgrade
span : Help
h1 : Audience Dashboard
h1 : Grow Your Mailchimp Audience
p : Your audience is where you'll store and manage your contacts. Once you add your contacts, you'll be able to send your first campaign. We'll walk you through the process.
span : Add Your Contacts
h2 : Get started with your audience
h3 : Mailchimp audience 101
p : Here's what you need to know before you start importing contacts.
h3 : Start with a webinar
p : Learn how to import and organize various contacts in this free, introductory lesson.
h3 : More ways to grow
p : Browse our collection of resources, case studies and tips for growing your audience.
h2 : No contacts? No problem.
p : We'll show you how to grow your audience and add contacts quickly.
h3 : Create a signup form
p : Capture contacts and collect the data you need to grow your Mailchimp audience.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx> span : Create Form
h3 : Create a social post
p : Share posts across multiple channels to increase the reach of your brand.
span : Create Post
h3 : Create a social ad
p : Tell people about yourself and attract customers who aren't on your list - yet.
--------------------------> span : Create Ad
span : Browser navigated to the '/audience' page
label : Search
input : text : No Name
span : clear
span : Campaigns
span : Contacts
span : Help articles
a : Skip to content
p : Email
span : Automations
p : Website
span : Landing Page
span : Creative Assistant
p : Signup Form
span : Surveys
p : Ad
span : Social Post
p : Postcard
h1 : Create something that gets noticed
div : Based on best practices
h2 : Try building one of these
p : Regular email
p : Use our email builder to launch a campaign in minutes.
span : Design Email
p : Automation
p : Set up email automations that personalize your marketing and save you time.
span : Create Journey
p : Landing page
p : Create a landing page that lets people sign up to receive product promotions or discounts.
span : Build Landing Page
p : Our website stores cookies on your device and discloses information in accordance with our Cookie Statement. Choose “Customize Settings” to control cookies.  We may collect certain aggregate and anonymized data from your browser independent of your cookie preferences.Cookie Statement
a : Cookie Statement
button : Customize settings
div : Our website stores cookies on your device and discloses information in accordance with our Cookie Statement. Choose “Customize Settings” to control cookies.  We may collect certain aggregate and anonymized data from your browser independent of your cookie preferences.Cookie StatementCustomize settings
h2 : How Mailchimp Uses Cookies
div : Mailchimp Sites may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our Mailchimp Sites, to understand how you interact with us, to enrich and personalize your user experience, to enable social media functionality and to customize your relationship with Mailchimp, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change your cookie preferences at any time. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our Mailchimp Sites and the services we are able to offer.             More information
a : More information
button : Allow All
h3 : Manage Consent Preferences
h4 : Essential Website Cookies
div : Always Active
p : These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
h4 : Performance and Functionality Cookies
input : checkbox : ot-group-id-2
span : Performance and Functionality Cookies
p : These cookies are used to enhance the functionality of the site. They help us to customize the site and application (where applicable) for you in order to enhance your experience. Although important to us, these cookies are non-essential to the use of the site. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
h4 : Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
input : checkbox : ot-group-id-4
span : Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
p : These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
h4 : Analytics and Customization Cookies
input : checkbox : ot-group-id-3
span : Analytics and Customization Cookies
p : These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
title : Back Button
h3 : Vendors List
input : text : vendor-search-handler
title : Search Icon
title : Filter Icon
button : Clear
input : checkbox : No Name
span : checkbox label
span : label
button : Apply
button : Cancel
span : Consent
span : Leg.Interest
input : checkbox : No Name
input : checkbox : No Name
input : checkbox : No Name
span : View Cookies
div : Name
div : cookie name
button : Confirm My Choices
div : Feedback

###

