Where are my automations[SEP]Title : Dashboard - ConvertKit
span : ConvertKit
button : Grow
button : Send
button : Automate
button : Earn
button : Learn
button : Menu
div : Trial: 14 days remaining
a : Upgrade now
span : Muneeb Muhammad
h1 : Welcome to ConvertKit, Muneeb Muhammad
button : Create a new...
h3 : Watch your welcome video
h4 : You’ve logged in to a different account!
p : It looks like you are in two accounts at once. To prevent losing any work, please select the account you wish to proceed with:
a : muneebkhattak57@gmail.com
a : Use account from other tab
div : Subscribers
p : Browse all your subscribers and customers.
div : Creator Profile
p : Your hub on the internet. A one-stop-shop for your subscribers to find all your content & products.
div : Landing Pages & Forms
p : Gather subscribers with a hosted landing page or a form embedded on your website.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx> div : Creator Network
p : Find creators to partner with to grow your audience faster.
div : Broadcasts
p : Send an email to some, or all, of your audience, and to your public feed.
div : Email Templates
p : Create email templates to use as a starting point in your emails.
div : Sequences
p : Create multiple emails that are sent in order.
div : Snippets
p : Supercharge your emails with reusable blocks of content.
--------------------------> div : Visual Automations
p : Create powerful, automated funnels for your audience.
div : Integrations
p : Connect your content with ConvertKit by integrating with your other accounts.
div : Rules
p : "If this, then that" automation rules.
div : RSS
p : Automagically generate emails or digests when RSS feeds update.
div : Products
p : Sell digital products and content subscriptions directly to your audience.
div : Tip Jars
p : Give your audience a way to send you a tip for your content.
div : Payouts
p : See a breakdown of all payouts you’ve received.
div : Documentation
p : Read the documentation for helpful articles & tutorials.
div : Community
p : Got a burning question? Ask the community for advice!
div : Creator University
p : In-depth courses to help you earn a living as a creator with ConvertKit.
h2 : You're on a Creator Plan free trial!
div : Upgrade to continue to use all the features you have access to without interruption.
button : Upgrade now
span : Settings
span : Help
span : Log out
button : Broadcast
a : Form
a : Landing page
a : Snippet
a : Email template

###

